https://www.thissavoryvegan.com/vegan-cornbread-stuffing/

Ingredients
2 tbsp. flax meal
6 tbsp. water
2 boxes Vegetarian Jiffy Cornbread Mix
2/3 cup almond milk
2 tbsp. vegan butter
1/2 medium yellow onion diced
2 stalks celery diced
3 tsp. Better Than Bouillon Vegetarian Chicken Flavor
3 cups water
1/4 cup fresh parsley chopped
1/2 tsp. Italian seasoning
1/4 tsp. ground sage
1/4 tsp. ground thyme
salt and pepper to taste
dried parsley for topping

Instructions
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
2. Make 2 flax eggs by combining flax meal and water. Set aside for 5 minutes to thicken.
3. Combine cornbread mix, flax eggs and almond milk in a bowl. Whisk together until smooth.
4. Add cornbread mixture to a greased baking dish and bake for 20-25 minutes, or until the center is cooked through.
5. When cornbread is done, set aside to cool, uncovered, for 30-60 minutes.*
6. Decrease oven heat to 375 degrees.
7. Add butter to a pan over medium heat. Once butter is melted, add onion and celery. Cook until vegetables start to become tender - approx. 5 minutes.
8. While vegetables are cooking add bouillon and water to a sauce pan and bring to a boil.
9. Add bouillon broth, fresh parsley, Italian seasoning, sage, thyme, salt and pepper to the vegetables and cook for an additional 1-2 minutes.
10. Slice cornbread into 1 inch squares and place in a bowl.
11. Ladle broth mixture over cornbread until it reaches your desired consistency.** Stir to combine - making sure not to over-mix.
12. Add mixture to a baking dish and top with dried parsley. Bake uncovered for 20-30 minutes, or until cooked through and the top begins to brown.
13. Remove from oven and serve.
Recipe Notes
*If you like a dryer stuffing I recommend making the cornbread 24 hours ahead of time and let it sit out on the counter overnight. The longer the cornbread can dry out, the better it will absorb the broth mixture. 
**The amount of liquid added is up to your personal taste. Add a little at a time - you can always add more, but you can't take it away.
